The singing vole, Microtus miurus, is a medium-sized vole found in northwestern North America, including Alaska and northwestern Canada.
A vole is a small rodent resembling a mouse but with a stouter body, a shorter, hairy tail, a slightly rounder head, smaller ears and eyes, and differently formed molars.
A mouse is a small mammal belonging to the order of rodents, characteristically having a pointed snout, small rounded ears, and a long naked or almost hairless tail.
Mammals are members of class Mammalia, air-breathing vertebrate animals characterized by the possession of endothermy, hair, three middle ear bones, and mammary glands functional in mothers with young.
In biological classification, class is a taxonomic rank. 
Biological classification, or scientific classification in biology, is a method of scientific taxonomy used to group and categorize organisms into groups such as genus or species.
Taxonomy is the academic discipline of defining groups of biological organisms on the basis of shared characteristics and giving names to those groups.
An academic discipline, or field of study, is a branch of knowledge that is taught and researched at the college or university level.
Knowledge is a familiarity with someone or something, which can include facts, information, descriptions, or skills acquired through experience or education.
A fact is something that has really occurred or is actually the case. The usual test for a statement of fact is verifiability, that is whether it can be proven to correspond to experience.
As a general concept experience comprises knowledge of or skill of some thing or some event gained through involvement in or exposure to that thing or event.
A concept is a general idea, or something conceived in the mind.
An idea is a concept or mental impression. Very often, ideas are construed as representational images; i.e. images of some object. 
A mental representation, in philosophy of mind, cognitive psychology, neuroscience, and cognitive science, is a hypothetical internal cognitive symbol that represents external reality, or else a mental process that makes use of such a symbol; "a formal system for making explicit certain entities or types of information, together with a specification of how the system does this."
Philosophy of mind is a branch of philosophy that studies the nature of the mind, mental events, mental functions, mental properties, consciousness and their relationship to the physical body, particularly the brain. 
Philosophy is the study of general and fundamental problems, such as those connected with reality, existence, knowledge, values, reason, mind, and language.
A problem is an obstacle, impediment, difficulty or challenge, or any situation that invites resolution; the resolution of which is recognized as a solution or contribution toward a known purpose or goal.
Intention is an agent's specific purpose in performing an action or series of actions, the end or goal that is aimed at. 
In philosophy and sociology, agency is the capacity of an agent to act in a world.
Philosophy is the study of general and fundamental problems, such as those connected with reality, existence, knowledge, values, reason, mind, and language.