Tell me about the singing vole.
The singing vole, Microtus miurus, is a medium-sized vole found in northwestern North America, including Alaska and northwestern Canada.
What is a vole?
A vole is a small rodent resembling a mouse but with a stouter body, a shorter, hairy tail, a slightly rounder head, smaller ears and eyes, and differently formed molars.
Describe a mouse.
A mouse is a small mammal belonging to the order of rodents, characteristically having a pointed snout, small rounded ears, and a long naked or almost hairless tail.
What's a mammal?
Mammals are members of class Mammalia, air-breathing vertebrate animals characterized by the possession of endothermy, hair, three middle ear bones, and mammary glands functional in mothers with young.
Can you describe what class means?
In biological classification, class is a taxonomic rank. 
Biological classification?
Biological classification, or scientific classification in biology, is a method of scientific taxonomy used to group and categorize organisms into groups such as genus or species.
So what is taxonomy?
Taxonomy is the academic discipline of defining groups of biological organisms on the basis of shared characteristics and giving names to those groups.
Please expand on academic discipline.
An academic discipline, or field of study, is a branch of knowledge that is taught and researched at the college or university level.
Oh I see! And how would you define knowledge?
Knowledge is a familiarity with someone or something, which can include facts, information, descriptions, or skills acquired through experience or education.
Indeed. Tell me, what is a fact?
A fact is something that has really occurred or is actually the case. The usual test for a statement of fact is verifiability, that is whether it can be proven to correspond to experience.
Please tell me more about experience.
As a general concept experience comprises knowledge of or skill of some thing or some event gained through involvement in or exposure to that thing or event.
Concept?
A concept is a general idea, or something conceived in the mind.
Idea?
An idea is a concept or mental impression. Very often, ideas are construed as representational images; i.e. images of some object. 
And how you explain mental representation?
A mental representation, in philosophy of mind, cognitive psychology, neuroscience, and cognitive science, is a hypothetical internal cognitive symbol that represents external reality, or else a mental process that makes use of such a symbol; "a formal system for making explicit certain entities or types of information, together with a specification of how the system does this."
Ah. What does philosophy of mind constitute?
Philosophy of mind is a branch of philosophy that studies the nature of the mind, mental events, mental functions, mental properties, consciousness and their relationship to the physical body, particularly the brain. 
Wow. And philosophy?
Philosophy is the study of general and fundamental problems, such as those connected with reality, existence, knowledge, values, reason, mind, and language.
What is a problem?
A problem is an obstacle, impediment, difficulty or challenge, or any situation that invites resolution; the resolution of which is recognized as a solution or contribution toward a known purpose or goal.
What is intention?
Intention is an agent's specific purpose in performing an action or series of actions, the end or goal that is aimed at. 
How would you explain agency?
In philosophy and sociology, agency is the capacity of an agent to act in a world.
Please tell me more about philosophy.
Philosophy is the study of general and fundamental problems, such as those connected with reality, existence, knowledge, values, reason, mind, and language.